you
all right so I'm here at the Overland
Expo in Arizona and I'm at the four
wheel pop-up camper booth and these guys
are pretty cool they make a product that
is somewhat affordable and very
low-profile compared to normal truck bed
campers so here's what it looks like
when it's all folded up so it's nice and
low if you've never seen these before
they're pretty cool real low profile so
you can take it a lot of places doesn't
take up a lot of room this is a new
Toyota by the way nice and then when you
want to pop it up for camping you just
pop it up and it extends it up to like a
standard a standard sized camper tons of
room in there at least six feet out
leave you got everything you need
everything you need bed frigerator sink
air conditioning even a toilet all the
comforts of home right there
and outdoor lighting out here got a
awning yeah these are cool and the nice
thing about going with a truck camper
versus the standard RV is that you can
leave you can set it up and drive your
vehicle away and leave your camper at
the campsite which is nice it's like a
little base camp we've got these arms
that come down look there's the toilet
compact toilet it's okay that is cool
clothes and cons pros and cons being the
one who's another but yeah that's that's
pretty cool you can you can use your
vehicle to go gallivanting exploring and
just leave your camp camper and the camp
and here's another one
what's different with this one probably
the same thing nice thing about having
the toilet the nice thing about having
the toilet inside is you don't have to
leave your warm little cubby hole when
it's raining it's right there wow this
is a tiny one but it's enough to get the
job done I don't think this one has a
toilet in it so you've got tons of bench
space stove sink bed area
it looks like yeah this is tiny but
still that's comfortable for the size
get a lot of lot of value in that
there's a Toyota TRD he's got spare
water jokes back there your cover gear
check out these Rock sliders that's
actually pretty cool I like that a
Luminess yeah these guys are popping
around here the aluminum bumpers
removable winch you can move this to the
front or back it mounts with a hitch
got the rigid industries LED lights I
like this
all right so that is the four-wheel pop
up campers booth at the overnight Expo
check them out and there's their website
right here